I'm here right now with PO Beltre from
immortals it's the end of the split for
you no more games to play and depending
on we were discussing this depending on
how TSM does tomorrow you will either
get first or second I'm curious do you
care that much about first or second or
is it kind of cuz you get a bye either
waiting for T locked it in I think this
time around it doesn't matter that much
in regards to playoff seedings at least
who gets first or second because I
believe third is locked by CLG if well I
think I think they're logged in by third
no matter what but anyways it's like
kind of unpredictable who's going to
advance from playoffs because I think
it's going to be c9 vs CLG and wait no
it's going to be CLG vs NV and then big
vs. c9 and I think both of those could
go either way so I don't really think we
can say like coming into our semi finals
like okay well this team probably has an
edge so we'll probably pace and anything
like that I think it's kind of
unpredictable so whether we're 1st or
2nd doesn't matter that much in regards
to seeding we're just happy we got the
pie I think there were a lot of people
especially at the start of the split
that were very skeptical I remember
hearing a lot of people say in fact like
is expecting to solve these problems no
probably not
you know thinking that mortals would
have probably about the same split you
guys did last split what do you think of
the fact that you guys have done so well
and kind of defied those expectations
yeah we were really bad last but and
okay we got a lot better thanks to Exedy
and I quote song yeah
is that jink it was those two things or
would you have been okay like we're you
guys already on an upward trajectory
coming out of spring split or is it
really just come down to the coach and
the jungle situation I think the
changing coaching and then bring in
Exmouth e also we had like an increase
in well we we just started to get along
better after the first foot I think
people started to get along a lot better
and then we started to just like
naturally as we played more our synergy
increased so I think that also had a big
impact - well I know explain thea is
such an energetic positive guy is he the
one that really changed the team
mentality he came in and it just
everything changed um no not really I
mean
and shaky get set over there he's just
off camera yeah I can tell he's really
excited about this yet so is it just
like what do you think it was just
having the drunk little situation that
changed that team mentality yes okay are
you surprised that the jungler who left
your team to go to CLG is now no longer
on CLG um no comment okay very good
moving on what do you think of and I've
been asking a lot of different pro
players this all the patch changes we
have seen recently because obviously
there's a pretty big patch change now
there's even more coming for playoffs
how do you feel about all this stuff
doesn't really seem like you change the
game that much from it at least
everything is the same so I think
overall the flow of the game will remain
the same because yeah it's how they like
you have to lea and you're everywhere
making plays or you're syndra or jana
Corky and you're just team fighting so
nothing changed in regard to the midlane
pool and I don't think anything will
change in the three weeks leading up and
through up until I semifinal match so I
don't expect any big changes I think
isn't it at 16 that is going to hit all
the different mid laners um they're
getting control majors for you that
might be like the world's patch I'm not
sure yeah I think they're I think
they're nearing mid laners which is
unfortunate across the board right yeah
just yeah but you don't really worry
about this stuff now because that's like
in the future and you have to get
through playoffs first yeah we'll just
focus on the task at hand but yeah who
knows maybe at Worlds they'll be playing
Lulu every game guys wouldn't that be
exciting love it
Baker on Lulu I mean that's why people
buy tickets to watch worlds alright what
else is going on so are you surprised at
all by the way how close all the playoff
teams are right now yeah it didn't
really dawn on me until I looked at like
how we'd have to do to secure the buy
but looking at it we were at like
Colvin's before this weekend and then
everyone else is that like 11 and 10 win
so I didn't realize it was that close
but yeah it makes sense like the
strength of the teams is pretty similar
and everyone was taken games off each
other yeah and the question I keep
asking everyone is well it does feel to
me like this is the closest split that
we've ever seen the playoff teams you
know come together
I do also wonder
are they good or are they bad or all the
NAA off to you because every is really
close so are they all really close
because they're so good right now or are
they all really close because they're
all kind of mediocre figuring out the
patch um
I think we're pretty good
I hope yeah I mean I hope so too but I
never know you know and sometimes you
see really weird stuff having these
games and you're kind of like well we
beat Europe at rift rivals but should I
be excited about worlds yeah actually if
we apply the transitive property we know
that you two took a game off SKT at uh I
think MSI and then what was you twos
record at rift rivals do you know it was
not very very good okay so applying the
transitive property we would have maybe
taken a couple games off SKT and that's
case you look kind of weak recently in
Korea huh damn I guess you're right
maybe we're not that good yeah yeah
we're not that good because s K T's not
that good that's that's how I would
describe North America yeah so rough
time for North American fans all right
other than that anything interesting
going on in our mortals I mean I know at
the start of the split you were trying
to figure out work-life balance a little
bit
you were like practicing too hard then
you're like I'm going to take a little
bit of time so I can be good and yet
this split you've been doing so well so
you know behind the scenes and outside
of the game how have you been in house a
team bin it's good I'm actually
practicing really hard so I think it's
just like we're doing better as a team
overall and our atmosphere is better so
it's not as stressful to just like pump
out so many games each day and you have
a pretty long break now before you get
to play again yeah we play in three
weeks I believe the semifinals so we'll
take I think we're taking two days off
but then after that our regular practice
schedule will continue very good is
there anything that you want to say to
any of the Immortals fans Thanks and
that's all that's all you guys need
alright just that thanks thank you so
much for the interview and for everyone
else you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things
LCS eSports and more here on my youtube
channel listen Los Angeles housing
prices are only going up rent is
ridiculous and I'm unemployed so if you
want to support me you can do so over at
Travis Khafre comm slash support